Yinli, you dare not admit it when you are defeated.
There are also unlimited opponents. This is the dancing quality of you outsiders.
Yes, I didn’t buy it,
One more time, one more time,
You will still lose.
After all, he is the most powerful person in Beijiang City.
Can they actually defeat Yinli together?
If Dongwang doesn’t want to take action, you and we,
Then Poseidon's men were inserted around the network and several more car parts were completed.
Catch up and the integration is open, the power of the gods is here to start,
South American merchandisers, these people,
Be sure to stop Poseidon from fighting online.
Why are you going? What are you doing?
Of course I don't need it if I make silver profits, but if I get the Poseidon Network far away,
Definitely the decision.
He can't save himself. Run away. It's not me. He's gone.
Just give me all the oil from this shitty bomb.
If the light comes again,
then what should we do
At this time
Beijiang Mountain King couldn't be better
I'm afraid only Beijiang Mountain King can save me now.